# object-oriented-reverse-parliamentary
The reverse parliamentary system can be greatly improved by recreating it with an object-oriented basis. That is what this aims to achieve.

The reverse parliamentary system is a system of government that is designed by a libertarian centrist to uphold the ideals of the individuals that use the government system. It is based on the idea that individuals should maintain their rights and that groups should be unable to overtake the government and create corruption that does the opposite. The system works by ensuring that the branches of the government, based off the ones in the United States government, cannot be both held by people with the same ideals, the point of this is to naturally create gridlock, a phenomenon that is considered negative, since it blocks progress. However, gridlock can be considered a good thing in the sense that government should not be able to pass through ideas that the majority of people cannot agree on. If only the majority of one group of people can agree on something, it should not become a law.

The future of the reverse parliamentary system can't really be guaranteed, but the plan is to have the simulation be the basis upon which people agree with the idea. Since it's fairly difficult to explain on its own, this simulation will output certain percentages and points that help show the positive effects that this system would cause.

The system works by first splitting the executive branch into two sections, the Contra Domus and Contrum Senatum. Secondly, when people vote on their legislative branch representatives for the senate and the House of Representatives, these votes will be for numbers on the compass, rather than for individuals or for parties. The votes will then be averaged, and the candidate whose position on the compass is the closest to the average will be elected to that position. Once all the senators and representatives have been voted into office, their positions will be averaged to find the average positions of the Senate and the House of Representatives. These average positions will show which corner of the compass the Senate and House of Representatives will be in. When the people vote for the Contra Domus, they will not be choosing their position from the entire compass. Instead, they will be choosing their position from the corner opposite of the House of Representatives. Likewise, when the people vote for the Contrum Senatum, they will not be choosing their position from the entire compass, but from the corner opposite of the Senate. This way, when passing laws, the Senate and the Contrum Senatum will be opposing each other, and the Contra Domus and the House of Representatives will be opposing each other. Laws that pass through Congress will have to be fairly neutral in order for the Executive body, the Conciduorum, to pass them. 
